we're in the key of D let's say for come
together and we're going to play a lot
of this boogie pattern that you're
probably already familiar with if you
play blues or rock and roll we want to
start off with the introduction it's
going to sound like this
I was simply four snaps around the same
lick what we've got is a bar across this
is I'm doing in a bar across the 10th
fret you could get away with a bar that
covered the low three strings on the
tenth fret if you're good at hinging
this finger backwards a little bit but
I'm tending to cover all the strings
really there and you want the fifth
string at the 12th fret and then we're
going to play that it's two hits of the
sixth string palm uted if you can by
getting their karate-chop part of your
right hand just across the bridge and
touching the low strings so two picks of
the sixth string and then the fifth
string you're going to hammer from the
bar of the tenth fret to the twelfth and
then you want the fourth string which
should be at the bar at the tenth fret
and if you get a bit of the fifth as
well that's good so you think have a
think and then you pour some that it
ring for the rest of the bar
and do it again so the rhythm is one and
two and three and four one and two and
three and four
three and four and three and four and
it's tracking what the bass guitar is
doing on the Beatles original version
the lead guitar to come together appears
in the guitar solo and on the outro man
it's just a sequence of of repeated
licks in George Harrison's bluesy style
let's kick off with the guitar solo page
2 of your tab it shows us by 21 and
we'll take it one lick at a time as
simple as that the first one is like
this we're on the first string at the
15th fret and make sure you've also got
the 13th fret 15 13 Bend up 15 a full
step till it sounds the same pitches 17
17 and up to that point hold it for a
couple of beats and a bit and then we're
gonna again we're gonna play we're gonna
bend it up pick it at the top of the
band and release it so pick and Bend up
again pick up the top of the Bend and
release pull off to 13 and then back to
15 and Bend up a full step again all
these licks are exactly the same rhythm
so let's get the rhythm out of the way
on this first one 1 2 & 3 & 4 & 1 2 3 4